Kconfig structure and menuoptions. (#51)
spotflow-io/device-sdk: esp_idf/spotflow/README.md

> # Spotflow Observability IOT Devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Spotflow Observability for IoT Devices
```

Device Component for Spotflow embedded observability platform.

> This Component provides a set of tools and libraries for [ESP IDF]() to

Reviewer: AFAIK "component" shouldn't have the capital "C".

send your logs to the Spotflow observability platform.

It is integrated with ESP IDF as a component which utilizes the ESP IDF logging component to seamlessly integrate with current firmwares.

Our solution was tested on the following Espressif boards (more are coming soon):
* [ESP32-S3]()
* [ESP32-C3]()

> * [ESP32-C6]()

Reviewer: Missing links.

We currently support:
* ESP IDF v5.x.x
* Zephyr 4.1.x, 4.2.x, and 4.3.x

> * nRF Connect SDK 3.0.x and 3.1.x

Reviewer: Do we want to mention Zephyr and NCS in the README of the ESP-IDF component?

For more information, check [Spotflow](https://app.spotflow.io/) or [Spotflow documentation](https://docs.spotflow.io/).

## Getting Started

Register and get your Ingest key at [Spotflow](https://spotflow.io/signup).

Follow the Quickstart guide that is available in our portal after registration.

> Alternatively, you can check example applications in the [examples]().

Reviewer: Missing link. I suppose you know about it, adding the comment just to keep track.

The Component is meant to be used as
a [ESP IDF component](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/idf-component-manager/en/latest/).

> You can add it to your ESP IDF project by running the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add it to your ESP IDF project by running the following command:
```

```code
idf.py add-dependency "spotflow/device_sdk"
```

> and adding the following header file in your main file

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Include the following header file from your main file:

```

```C
#include "spotflow.h"
```

> in your starting or intial main task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Call the following function during startup:

```

### With Coredump

| Archive File  | Total Size | DRAM | .bss | .data | IRAM | .text | .vectors | Flash Code | .text | Flash Data | .rodata |
|---------------|------------|------|------|-------|------|-------|----------|------------|-------|------------|---------|
| libspotflow.a | 8562       | 406  | 405  | 1     | 0    | 0     | 0        | 6153       | 6153  | 2003       | 2003    |

### Configurations
Details on the configuration to add in the sdkconfig if required.

- SPOTFLOW_LOG_BACKEND_SET_RUNTIME_FILTERING : If disabled, cloud based config only controls the logs going to the spotflow cloud. rest of the logs are printed on the terminal or other logging backends.
- SPOTFLOW_ERASE_NVS_FLASH: If disabled it doesn't erase the flash in case of persistence save fails.
- SPOTFLOW_COREDUMP_BACKEND: Enable or disable whether the coredump is created and sent to cloud backend.
- SPOTFLOW_COREDUMPS_CHUNK_SIZE: Coredump is divided into multiple chunks so reading and sending them to cloud can be made easier. Default is 2048 bytes can be reduced to like 256 but it will take a long while to upload. Keep it less than MQTT buffer.

> - SPOTFLOW_MAX_QUEUE_SIZE: It takes a little while for coredump to read from flash and prepare it for transit. keep it small so when network connection is formed it sends all the queued buffers first before reading any more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SPOTFLOW_COREDUMPS_CHUNK_SIZE: Coredump is divided into multiple chunks so reading and sending them to cloud can be made easier. Default is 2048 bytes can be reduced to about 256 but it will take a long while to upload. Keep it less than MQTT buffer.
- SPOTFLOW_MAX_QUEUE_SIZE: It takes a little while for coredump to read from flash and prepare it for transit. Keep it small so when network connection is formed it sends all the queued buffers first before reading any more.
```

![Spotflow Main Log Flow](docs/Spotflow_main_log_flow.svg)

### Spotflow Data Flow
![Spotflow Data Flow](docs/spotflow_data_flow.svg)

#### Configuration

Most properties of the Component are currently configured in build time using Kconfig - see the help text of each option for more information.

The Component also provides a way to dynamically configure certain properties from the cloud using the Spotflow portal.
Currently, there is only one such property:

- **Minimal severity of sent log messages** (the *level* of sent log messages)

The configuration process uses the mechanism of *desired* and *reported* values that are stored for each device in the Spotflow platform and are synchronized using the MQTT protocol.
If ESP IDF NVS storage is enabled, the Component uses it to persist the last active configuration.

### Spotflow Backend Flow
![Spotflow Backend Flow](docs/Spotflow_backend.svg)

### Coredump
It uses the default coredump component from esp idf. [espcoredump](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/stable/esp32/api-guides/core_dump.html). If you get any not enought memory errors to save coreudmp increase the coredump parttion size in the partition.csv file.

> If **Flash Encryption** is enabled add the encrypted flag to the coredump partition in partitions.csv. Nothing else is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses the default coredump component from ESP-IDF, [espcoredump](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/stable/esp32/api-guides/core_dump.html). If you get any not enough memory errors when saving coredumps, increase the coredump partition size in the `partition.csv` file.
If **Flash Encryption** is enabled, add the encrypted flag to the coredump partition in partitions.csv. Nothing else is required.
```
